docs: minor adjustments to the architecture section (#228)
shorebirdtech/docs: src/content/docs/architecture.mdx

- A modified Flutter engine that you include in your app.
- Our public-cloud based infrastructure which hosts your app's updates.

### The `Shorebird CLI`

The `shorebird_cli` commands are documented on this site. Most of the build
logic is just wrapping the `flutter` tool and it also adds a few commands to
interface with Shorebird's servers.

The source for the `shorebird_cli` tool is available on GitHub:
https://github.com/shorebirdtech/shorebird/tree/main/packages/shorebird_cli

### Flutter Modifications

Code push requires technical changes to the underlying Flutter engine. To make
those changes required forking Flutter.

We had to fork 4 Flutter and Dart repositories to make Shorebird work:

#### `flutter/buildroot` "The Buildroot"

> The `buildroot` repo contains the build scripts that are used to build the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`flutter/buildroot`](https://github.com/flutter/buildroot) repo contains the build scripts that are used to build the
```

Because the default Flutter engine linking flags hide all symbols from linked
static libraries, and because we need to be able to expose the `shorebird\_\*`
symbols from `libupdater.a` to the Dart code, we made one change to `buildroot`
and then a second change to the `engine` to place the symbols on the allow-list.

You can see our buildroot changes on GitHub by
comparing our trunk to the upstream buildroot, e.g. master:
https://github.com/flutter/buildroot/compare/master...shorebirdtech:buildroot:shorebird/dev

#### `flutter/engine` "The Flutter Engine"

The Flutter engine is the C++ code that runs on the device. It is responsible
for rendering the UI, handling input, and communicating with the host.

We forked this code to add the
[Shorebird Updater](https://github.com/shorebirdtech/updater), which lets the
Flutter engine load new code from Shorebird's servers.

Our Flutter Engine fork is public. You can see our engine changes on GitHub by
comparing our trunk to the upstream Flutter engine, e.g. for 3.22.0:
https://github.com/flutter/engine/compare/3.22.0...shorebirdtech:engine:shorebird/dev

#### `flutter/flutter` "The Flutter Framework"

> The `flutter/flutter` repo contains the Dart code that runs on the device as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`flutter/flutter`](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/) repo contains the Dart code that runs on the device as well
```

as the `flutter` tool that is used to build and run Flutter apps.

We forked this code to be able to deliver our modified Flutter engine to change
the version of the engine that the `flutter` tool uses and to include the
`shorebird.yaml` configuration as part of the asset bundle.

Our Flutter Framework fork is public. You can see our engine changes on GitHub
by comparing our trunk to the upstream Flutter Framework, e.g. for stable:
https://github.com/flutter/flutter/compare/stable...shorebirdtech:flutter:shorebird/dev

#### `dart-lang/sdk` "The Dart SDK"

> The `dart-lang/sdk` repo contains the Dart SDK, including the VM, dart2js, core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`dart-lang/sdk`](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/) repo contains the Dart SDK, including the VM, dart2js, core
```

We had to fork 4 Flutter and Dart repositories to make Shorebird work:

> #### `flutter/buildroot` "The Buildroot"

Author: Moved buildroot to the top so the order is as follows:
buildroot -> engine -> flutter -> dart

We had to fork 4 Flutter and Dart repositories to make Shorebird work:

#### `flutter/buildroot` "The Buildroot"

The `buildroot` repo contains the build scripts that are used to build the
Flutter engine for various platforms. It's separate from `flutter/engine` in
order to share code and configuration with the Fuchsia build system.

> We forked this code to make one small modification to the build setup to
> allow exposing our updater symbols from the Flutter engine up to
> `package:shorebird_code_push` and to include `libunwind` since the Rust code
> requires it for backtraces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have made very few changes to this repo:

1. Expose our updater symbols from the Flutter engine to `package:shorebird_code_push`
2. Include `libunwind` since the Rust code requires it for backtraces.
```

> https://github.com/shorebirdtech/updater
> is a Rust library which we link into the engine. The way we do that is via
> a C-API on a static library (`libupdater.a`). The default flags for linking
> for the Flutter engine hide all symbols from linked static libraries. We
> need to be able to expose the shorebird\_\* symbols from `libupdater.a` up through
> FFI to the Dart code. We did that by making one change to buildroot and then
> a second change to the engine to place the symbols on the allow-list.
> 
> https://github.com/flutter/buildroot/compare/master...shorebirdtech:buildroot:shorebird/dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/shorebirdtech/updater
is a Rust library which is linked into the Flutter engine via
a static library (`libupdater.a`) that exposes a C API. 

Because the default Flutter engine linking flags
hide all symbols from linked static libraries, and because we
need to be able to expose the `shorebird\_\*` symbols from `libupdater.a` to the Dart code, we made one change to buildroot and then
a second change to the engine to place the symbols on the allow-list.

https://github.com/flutter/buildroot/compare/master...shorebirdtech:buildroot:shorebird/dev
```

Reviewer: What is the one change made to buildroot? Would be good to link to a PR/commit or describe it briefly.

#### `flutter/engine` "The Flutter Engine"

The Flutter engine is the C++ code that runs on the device. It is responsible
for rendering the UI, handling input, and communicating with the host.

We forked this code to add the
[Shorebird Updater](https://github.com/shorebirdtech/updater), which lets the
Flutter engine load new code from Shorebird's servers.

Our Flutter Engine fork is public. You can see our engine changes on GitHub by
comparing our release branches to the upstream Flutter engine, e.g. for 3.22.0:
https://github.com/flutter/engine/compare/3.22.0...shorebirdtech:engine:shorebird/dev

#### `flutter/flutter` "The Flutter Framework"

The flutter/flutter repo contains the Dart code that runs on the device as well
as the `flutter` tool that is used to build and run Flutter apps.

We forked this code to be able to deliver our modified Flutter engine to change

> the version of the engine that the `flutter` tool uses as well as to include the
> `shorebird.yaml` configuration as part of the asset bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the version of the engine that the `flutter` tool uses and to include the
`shorebird.yaml` configuration as part of the asset bundle.
```
